What is the biggest change since yesterday?
What is the priority for today?
What is your goal for today?
How can the team help you achieve your goals?
What are you most looking forward to today?
What are you most dreading today?
How are you feeling today?
How has the day been so far?
How are you going to focus today?
What are you going to do today to take care of yourself?
What is your intention for the day?
What can the manager do to help you today?
What resources or tools will you need today?
What is your most pressing question of the day?
What is the challenge of the day?
What obstacles do you foresee for the day?
What are three skills you can practice today?
Who can you help today?
Who can help you today?
What is one kind deed you can do today for a coworker?
What would brighten your day today?
What do you plan to accomplish today?
How will you end today better than you started?
How are you feeling about your job overall?
How confident are you in your ability to do your job?
What is your main concern at the moment?
What are you feeling anxious about?
What idea is overwhelming you?
What is confusing you?
What is exciting you?
What is making you angry?
What frustrates you?
What is causing you doubt?
What is making you hesitate?
What are you most grateful for?
What inspires you?
What makes you hopeful?
What is something that made you proud lately?
What brings you the most joy at work?
What is your biggest obstacle?
What time of the day are you most alert?
What time of the day are you least alert?
On a scale of 1 to 10, how is your mental health at the moment?
On a scale of 1 to 10, how satisfied are you with your job?
On a scale of 1 to 10, how valued do you feel at work?
On a scale of 1 to 10, how supported do you feel at work?
On a scale of 1 to 10, how well do you feel you fit in with and get along with your colleagues?
On a scale of 1 to 10, how respected do you feel?
Do you feel challenged enough at work?
Do you feel that you have room to grow in this position?
How often do you feel lonely when working from home?
When, if ever, do you feel ignored at work?
Pretend you have a time machine. What does future you come back to advise you about?
Pretend you just gave me a truth serum. What is the first question you ask?
If you could try anything without any consequences, what would you try?
What is the most fun you have had at work recently?
Describe your dream team building outing.
If we were on one of those secret boss-goes-undercover reality shows, what do you think would be the highlights this week?
What is the most random thought you had at work this week?
Share a joke you think your teammates might find funny.
Share a fascinating fact you think might interest your coworkers.
On a scale of one to YouTube cat videos, how productive were you at work this week?
What is one random statistic you would like to learn about this company?
What is one random fact you would like to learn about your coworkers?
If you were suddenly promoted to CEO of the company for one day, what would be the first change you would make?
If you could go undercover as any other employee for a day, who would you choose and why?
If you could learn any secret, what would it be and why?
How would you describe your current mindset?
What times of the day do you feel foggiest?
What times of the day do you feel most clear?
What tasks are you most comfortable performing?
What tasks take you outside of your comfort zone?
What tasks are you struggling with?
What tasks are you excelling at?
What are you feeling most positive about?
What are you feeling hesitant about?
What is your standard approach to new challenges?
How many hours a day are you fully focused?
When do you achieve the best workflow?
Talk me through a pretend problem.
What tools might help you focus better?
What is your biggest or most common distraction?
How in-sync do you feel with your teammates?
What actions might help you better align with the team?
How close do you feel to coworkers?
How supported do you feel by your team?
How supported do you feel by your managers?
How much bandwidth do you have to take on new projects or responsibilities?
How fulfilled do you feel in your current position? What might boost those feelings of fulfillment?
What topic do you feel confident in giving an impromptu presentation on?
How are you feeling about your current career trajectory?
What can we do to help you achieve your professional goals?
On a scale of 1 to 10, how likely are you to meet your deadlines?
On a scale of 1 to 10, how likely are you to meet your metrics?
What are your favorite parts of your job?
What are your favorite aspects of the company?
How do you feel about your team?
How do you feel about your relationship with your manager?
What could be improved about your role?
What have you been working on?
What excites you most about work lately?
What has been taking up the majority of your time lately?
What is a task you have been procrastinating that you can get done within the next day or two?
What have you learned since our last check-in?
What steps have you taken to improve since our last check-in?
What is your greatest challenge at the moment?
What does your daily routine look like?
What do you hope to be doing in one months time? Three months? One year? Do you believe you are on track to meet these expectations?
Given your work so far this quarter, what are you proudest of?
Which teammate do you communicate with most often?
Who is a teammate you would like to work with more?
What tools might help you do your job better?
What are three interesting ideas you’ve had lately?
What word best describes work lately?
If someone were to give you an award right now, what would it be?
If you received constructive criticism right now, what do you expect it would be?
If you had a time machine, what would you change about this past week/month/quarter?
If you were suddenly the president of a company, what is a change you would implement immediately?
What is a goal or self-improvement plan you have set?
How do you plan to push yourself outside of your comfort zone?
What do you think the team should be discussing more?
What is everyone’s current workload like?
What do you think is the biggest time drain lately? How can we fix it?
How can we redistribute responsibilities to be more efficient?
What do you need help with?
What is a task that takes ten minutes to complete and has big results?
What is one thing we can do to improve our communication?
What is one example of good communication this week?
What is one example of less-than-perfect communication this week?
What is one example of excellent teamwork from this week?
What is a missed opportunity for teamwork?
How does our team compare to other teams in the company?
What is a discussion point that has not yet come up in conversation?
Where are the biggest bottlenecks or delays taking place?
What tasks are getting done the fastest?
What systems, techniques, or methods might we be able to use more often?
Are there any tasks that keep getting put on the back burner? Which ones? Why the delay?
Do you feel like you can approach any member of the team?
How can we be better about offering assistance?
What is one strength you can share with the rest of your teammates?
What team building activities do you want to do as a group?
Where does the most confusion or miscommunication seem to occur?
What are the current roles within the team?
Which team member’s work is most pivotal at this current moment?
What could we do to better prepare in case of unexpected interruptions, for example, a team member falling ill?
What is one question you are glad a teammate asked, because you were wondering the same thing?
Share a moment when you thought “I’m so glad this colleague is on my team.”
Which task took more time than expected?
Which task took less time than expected?
How can we get ready to welcome a new teammate to the group?
How can we better show appreciation for each other?
What is a non-work detail you would like to learn about your colleagues?